Some countries have regulations on the use of cryptographic libraries
like the ones embedded in TCLink. It may be unlawful to download TCLink
in these countries.


                                TCLink v4.0.1
                            Ruby Implementation
                       copyright (C) TrustCommerce 2010
                         http://www.trustcommerce.com
                         techsupport@trustcommerce.com

                               July 31, 2013

I. DESCRIPTION

  TCLink is a thin client library to allow your e-commerce servers to
connect to the TrustCommerce payment gateway easily and consistently.
The protocol (which is the same across all platforms and languages) is
well-documented in the Web Developer's Guide, so please consult it for
any questions you may have about the protocol syntax itself.


II. LICENSE

  TCLink for Ruby is released under the GNU LGPL.  Please read LICENSE
for details.


III. REQUIREMENTS

  You need to have the OpenSSL development libraries installed.  It
is recommended that you use the latest version provided by the vendor
for PCI reasons.

  Besides the normal Ruby install, you'll need the ruby-devel package,
which contains files needed for building Ruby extensions.

 
IV. BUILDING

  At the root directory of this archive, execute the following:

    ./build.sh

  If the module builds without errors, test it with this command:

    ruby tctest.rb

  This script will run a test transaction and print the results.


V. INSTALLATION

  If you have root access to the machine, you will probably want to
install TCLink as a global extension.  You can do this by copying the
extension library (tclink.so) to your Ruby extensions directory, which
is typically somewhere under /usr/lib/ruby, such as
/usr/lib/ruby/1.6/i386-linux.

  If you can't or don't want to install the module system wide, you can
still use in a script by adding an absolute or relative path to the
require 'tclink' invocation. For example:

  require '/home/user/tclink'


VI. USAGE

  The tctest.rb script shows a simple example of running transactions
through the TCLink API.  For further information, please consult the TC
Developer's Guide, located in the doc subdirectory.


